**PRIVACY NOTICE**

\

**Last updated August 25, 2021**

\

\

\

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Muhammad Shahrukh
(" **Company** ," "**we**," "**us**," or "**our**"). We are committed to
protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you
have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our
practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at
misce420@gmail.com.

\

This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:

-   Download and use our mobile application — Time To Pray

-   Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales,
    marketing, or events

In this privacy notice, if we refer to:

-   "**App**," we are referring to any application of ours that
    references or links to this policy, including any listed above

-   "**Services**," we are referring to our  App,  and other related
    services, including any sales, marketing, or events

The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest
way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights
you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy
notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our
Services immediately.

\

**Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you
understand what we do with the information that we collect.**

\

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

\

[1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?](#infocollect)

[2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?](#infouse)

[3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?](#infoshare)

[4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?](#whoshare)

[5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?](#cookies)

[6. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?](#3pwebsites)

[7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?](#inforetain)

[8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?](#infosafe)

[9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?](#infominors)

[10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#privacyrights)

[11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES](#DNT)

[12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY
RIGHTS?](#caresidents)

[13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?](#policyupdates)

[14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)

[15. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM
YOU?](#request)

\

**1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

**\
****Personal information you disclose to us**

\

***In Short: ****** ****We collect personal information that you provide
to us.*

\

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our
products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App  or
otherwise when you contact us.

\

The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the App , the choices you make and the products
and features you use. The personal information we collect may include
the following:

\

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete
and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.

**\
****Information automatically collected**

\

***In Short: ****** ****Some information — such as your Internet
Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is
collected automatically when you visit our *App*.*

\

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or
navigate the App . This information does not reveal your specific
identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device
and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs,
device name, country, location, information about how and when you use
our App and other technical information. This information is primarily
needed to maintain the security and operation of our App , and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes.

\

Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and
similar technologies.

\

The information we collect includes:

-   *Location Data.* We collect location data such as information about
    your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
    How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of
    the device you use to access the App . For example, we may use GPS
    and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us
    your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of
    allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to
    the information or by disabling your Location setting on your
    device. Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able
    to use certain aspects of the Services.

**\
****Information collected through our App**

\

***In Short: ****** ****We collect information regarding your
geolocation, mobile device, when you use our App.*

\

If you use our App, we also collect the following information:

-   *Geolocation Information.* We may request access or permission to
    and track location-based information from your mobile device, either
    continuously or while you are using our App, to provide certain
    location-based services. If you wish to change our access or
    permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

-   *Mobile Device Access.* We may request access or permission to
    certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile
    device's calendar, and other features. If you wish to change our
    access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics
and reporting purposes.

\

**2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?**

\

***In Short:  ****We process your information for purposes based on
legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you,
compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.*

\

We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of
business purposes described below. We process your personal information
for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in
order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent,
and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the
specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed
below.

\

We use the information we collect or receive:

-   **Fulfill and manage your orders. **We may use your information to
    fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges
    made through the App .

-   **Administer prize draws and competitions.** We may use your
    information to administer prize draws and competitions when you
    elect to participate in our competitions.

-   **To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We
    may use your information to provide you with the requested service.

-   **To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may use
    your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any
    potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.

\

**3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?**

\

***In Short:****  We only share information with your consent, to comply
with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to
fulfill business obligations.*

\

We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following
legal basis:

-   **Consent:** We may process your data if you have given us specific
    consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.

-   **Legitimate Interests:** We may process your data when it is
    reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.

-   **Performance of a Contract:** Where we have entered into a contract
    with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the
    terms of our contract.

-   **Legal Obligations:** We may disclose your information where we are
    legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
    governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
    process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena
    (including in response to public authorities to meet national
    security or law enforcement requirements).

-   **Vital Interests:** We may disclose your information where we
    believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
    regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud,
    situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person
    and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are
    involved.

More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your
personal information in the following situations:

-   **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in
    connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
    company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
    business to another company.

-   **Google Maps Platform APIs.** We may share your information with
    certain Google Maps Platform APIs (e.g., Google Maps API, Place
    API). To find out more about Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer
    to this [link](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

-   **Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.** We
    may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers,
    contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf
    and require access to such information to do that work. Examples
    include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting
    services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow
    selected third parties to use tracking technology on the App , which
    will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you
    interact with our App over time. This information may be used to,
    among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity
    of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online
    activity. Unless described in this notice, we do not share, sell,
    rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their
    promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data
    processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal
    information. This means that they cannot do anything with your
    personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They
    will also not share your personal information with any organization
    apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our
    behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.

\

**4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?**     

\

***In Short:****  We only share information with the following
categories of third parties.*

\

We only share and disclose your information with the following 
categories of  third parties. If we have processed your data based on
your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us
using the contact details provided in the section below titled "[HOW CAN
YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)".

-   Ad Networks

-   Cloud Computing Services

\

**5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?**

\

***In Short: **** We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to
collect and store your information.*

\

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons
and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about
how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is
set out in our Cookie Notice .

 

**6. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?**

\

***In Short: **** We are not responsible for the safety of any
information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but
are not affiliated with, our Website.*

\

The App may contain advertisements from third parties that are not
affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services
or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of
data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third
parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible
for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any
third parties, including other websites, services or applications that
may be linked to or from the App . You should review the policies of
such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your
questions.

\

**7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?**

\

***In Short: **** We keep your information for as long as necessary to
fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise
required by law.*

\

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ .

\

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such
information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your
personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will
securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
processing until deletion is possible.

\

**8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?**

\

***In Short: **** We aim to protect your personal information through a
system of organizational and technical security measures.*

\

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security
measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we
process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your
information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information
storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot
promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized
third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly
collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do
our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only
access the App within a secure environment.

\

**9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?**

\

***In Short:****  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to
children under 18 years of age.*

\

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18
years of age. By using the App , you represent that you are at least 18
or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to
such minor dependent’s use of the App . If we learn that personal
information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we
will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly
delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we
may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
misce420@gmail.com .

\

**10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?**

\

***In Short:****  **In some regions, such as the European Economic Area
(EEA) and United Kingdom (UK), you have rights that allow you greater
access to and control over your personal information. **You may review,
change, or terminate your account at any time.*

\

In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under
applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to
request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to
request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of
your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the
processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please
use the [contact details](#contact) provided below. We will consider and
act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

\

If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note
however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing
before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your
personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds
other than consent.

 

If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully
processing your personal information, you also have the right to
complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can
find their contact details here:
[https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index\_en.htm](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm).

\

If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data
protection authorities are available here:
[https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html).

\

**11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES**

\

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no
uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals
has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that
practice in a revised version of this privacy notice. 

\

**12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?**

\

***In Short: **** Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are
granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.*

\

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The
Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request
and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all
third parties with which we shared personal information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.

\

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a
registered account with the App , you have the right to request removal
of unwanted data that you publicly post on the App . To request removal
of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided
below, and include the email address associated with your account and a
statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is
not publicly displayed on the App , but please be aware that the data
may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems
(e.g. backups, etc.).

**\
****CCPA Privacy Notice**

\

The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:

\

​(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a
temporary or transitory purpose and

​(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is
outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose

\

All other individuals are defined as "non-residents."

\

If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to
certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.

\

**What categories of personal information do we collect?**

\

We have collected the following categories of personal information in
the past twelve (12) months:

\

  ------------------------ ------------------------ ------------------------
  \                        \                        \
  **Category**\            **Examples**\            **Collected**\
  \                        \                        \
                                                    

  A. Identifiers           Contact details, such as \
                           real name, alias, postal NO
                           address, telephone or    \
                           mobile contact number,   
                           unique personal          
                           identifier, online       
                           identifier, Internet     
                           Protocol address, email  
                           address and account name 

  B. Personal information  Name, contact            \
  categories listed in the information, education,  YES
  California Customer      employment, employment   \
  Records statute          history and financial    
                           information              

  C. Protected             Gender and date of birth \
  classification                                    NO
  characteristics under                             \
  California or federal                             
  law                                               

  D. Commercial            Transaction information, \
  information              purchase history,        NO
                           financial details and    \
                           payment information      

  E. Biometric information Fingerprints and         \
                           voiceprints              NO
                                                    \
                                                    

  F. Internet or other     Browsing history, search \
  similar network activity history, online          NO
                           behavior, interest data, \
                           and interactions with    
                           our and other websites,  
                           applications, systems    
                           and advertisements       

  G. Geolocation data      Device location          \
                                                    NO
                                                    \
                                                    

  H. Audio, electronic,    Images and audio, video  \
  visual, thermal,         or call recordings       NO
  olfactory, or similar    created in connection    \
  information              with our business        
                           activities               

  I. Professional or       Business contact details \
  employment-related       in order to provide you  NO
  information              our services at a        \
                           business level, job      
                           title as well as work    
                           history and professional 
                           qualifications if you    
                           apply for a job with us  

  J. Education Information Student records and      \
                           directory information    NO
                                                    \
                                                    

  K. Inferences drawn from Inferences drawn from    \
  other personal           any of the collected     NO
  information              personal information     \
                           listed above to create a 
                           profile or summary       
                           about, for example, an   
                           individual’s preferences 
                           and characteristics      
  ------------------------ ------------------------ ------------------------

\

We may also collect other personal information outside of these
categories instances where you interact with us in-person, online, or by
phone or mail in the context of:

-   Receiving help through our customer support channels;

-   Participation in customer surveys or contests; and

-   Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your
    inquiries.

**How do we use and share your personal information?**

\

More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be
found in this privacy notice .

\

You may contact us by email at  misce420@gmail.com , or by referring to
the contact details at the bottom of this document.

\

If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out
we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that
they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.

\

**Will your information be shared with anyone else?**

\

We may disclose your personal information with our service providers
pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider.
Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the
information on our behalf.

\

We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such
as for undertaking internal research for technological development and
demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal
data.

\

Muhammad Shahrukh  has disclosed the following categories of personal
information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the
preceding twelve (12) months:

-   Category B. Personal information, as defined in the California
    Customer Records law, such as your name, contact information,
    education, employment, employment history and financial information.

The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal
information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under
"[WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?](#whoshare)".

\

Muhammad Shahrukh  has not sold any personal information to third
parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve
(12) months. Muhammad Shahrukh will not sell personal information in the
future belonging to website visitors, users and other consumers.

\

**Your rights with respect to your personal data**

\

Right to request deletion of the data - Request to delete

\

You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us
to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and
delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided
by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of
his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting
from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to
protect against illegal activities.

\

Right to be informed - Request to know

\

Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:

-   whether we collect and use your personal information;

-   the categories of personal information that we collect;

-   the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;

-   whether we sell your personal information to third parties;

-   the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for
    a business purpose;

-   the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was
    sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and

-   the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling
    personal information.

In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or
delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a
consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer
request.

\

Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy
Rights

\

We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy
rights.

\

Verification process

\

Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to
determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in
our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide
information so that we can match it with information you have previously
provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit,
we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the
information you provide with the information we already have on file, or
we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email)
that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other
verification methods as the circumstances dictate.

\

We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify
your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible,
we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the
purposes of verification. If, however, we cannot verify your identity
from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you
provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your
identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete
such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying
you.

\

Other privacy rights

-   you may object to the processing of your personal data

-   you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect
    or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data

-   you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the
    CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent
    that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to
    act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.

-   you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal
    information to third parties. Upon receiving a request to opt-out,
    we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no
    later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.

To exercise these rights, you can contact us  by email at
misce420@gmail.com , or by referring to the contact details at the
bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle
your data, we would like to hear from you.  

\

**13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?**     

*\
*

***In Short: ** Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay
compliant with relevant laws.*

\

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version
will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material
changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently
posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently
to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

\

**14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?**     

\

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
misce420@gmail.com  or by post to:

\

Muhammad Shahrukh

52 Marmount Gardens

Belfast , Antrim BT14 6NW

United Kingdom

\

**15. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM
YOU?**     

\

Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to
request access to the personal information we collect from you, change
that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to
review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a
request form by
clicking [here](https://app.termly.io/notify/1b210148-e147-4329-b75c-f11b286c5c34)
.

This privacy policy was created using [Termly’s Privacy Policy
Generator](https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator/?ftseo).
